Update deployment instructions (#447)
Clinical-Genomics/trailblazer: DEPLOYMENT.md

# Deployment for testing

> Comment on the PR with the deploy output, it should include environment and that it succeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Comment on the PR with the deploy output, including the environment and that it succeeded.
```

> Alembic revisions need to be applied from your local machine.

Reviewer 2: Instructions on how this is done would be good. If someone has not worked with alembic before this can be quite cumbersome to figure out.

Author: Referenced Atlas.

## Deploy CLI feature branch
1. `ssh hasta`
2. `us`
3. `trailblazer-test-deploy <feature_branch>`

## Deploy web API feature branch
1. Paxa the trailblazer stage VM.
2. Use the `Deploy branch to staging environment` Github action.

# Deploy release to production

## Deploy CLI
1. `ssh hasta`
2. `up`
3. `trailblazer-deploy <version>`

## Deploy web API
1. Use the `Deploy release to production environment` Github action.

# Steps when merging to master

> When all tests done and successful and PR is approved, follow these steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all the tests are done and successful and the PR is approved, follow these steps.
```
